A cube solving program.  This program is iterative and will ultimately
get the best solution.  Early termination will get worse solution (although
it is not known whether those solutions are indeed not best).  The file
Description contains a number of messages I mailed to the cube-lovers
mailing list.  From that you can get some information about the way the
program works.

Requirements: much memory.  Normally the program requires about 2.5 MByte,
when compiled with -DLARGE_MEM it requires about 11 MByte.  But in the
latter case the program is much faster (compare: small program a few
seconds initialization, but upto 30 minutes to find a reasonable solution,
large program 2.5 minutes initialization, but that reasonable solution is
found in a few seconds!, and a better solution takes about 15 minutes.)

The entry of the cube is abismal.  See cube.c.  (The cube is entered by
giving the moves to get at the configuration from stdin, "-t" option.)

This version also allows giving a pattern as input ("-p" option).
Again, see cube.c.

This is not a final product.

The algorithm used is based on an algorithm described by Herbert Kociemba
from Darmstadt.

Comments/remarks to me please.
--
As addons you can make:
size222		which will calculate the maximal pathlengths for the 2x2x2 cube.
size333c	which will calculate the maximal pathlengths to solve corner
		cubes only on the 3x3x3.
sizesquare	which will calculate the maximal pathlengths to solve the
		square group on the 3x3x3 cube.
sizedom		which will calculate the maximal pathlengths to solve the
		magic domino.  Give the parameter -1, -4 or -8 whether you
		want to allow 1, 2 or 8 solutions.
sizekoc1	which will calculate the maximal pathlengths to solve phase 1
		of Kociemba's algorithm.
sizekoc2	which will calculate the maximal pathlengths to solve phase 2
		of Kociemba's algorithm.
All except sizesquare, sizekoc1 and sizekoc2 allow the flag -q.  When given
half turns are ignored (for the domino only on the U and D face).

size222 requires less than 1 MB, size333c less than 4 MB, sizedom more than
32 MB, sizesquare 2.5 MB, sizekoc1 requires about 80 MB and sizekoc2 about
410 MB.

The subdirectory trans contains include files related to transitions.  You
can have a look through it.  Most files have been tested, and are found to
be correct for the cases tested.  The following have not been tested, and
are thought to be correct ;-).
	perm10.a perm11.a perm12.a perm3.a perm5.a perm6.a perm9.a sperm.m
	sperm.r
Some of them will be tested subsequently.

The file RESULTS contains results from the size programs (not yet from the
program sizekoc1).  Timings are for a FPS 500 for size222 and size333c,
for a SGI 4D-420S for sizedom.
--
dik t. winter, cwi, kruislaan 413, 1098 sj  amsterdam, nederland
dik@cwi.nl
